0	i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's .
0	. . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad .
0	what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?
0	normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
0	some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
0	the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
0	the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) .
0	on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
0	more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
0	a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative .
0	another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh .
0	shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
0	at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
0	what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
0	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
0	the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
0	the redeeming feature of chan's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what's worse , routine .
0	it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
0	merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense .
0	a sour , nasty offering .
0	given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much .
0	the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
0	violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
0	though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following .
0	gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
0	schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
0	falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny .
0	a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones .
0	este e apenas mais um ( longo ) episodio do programa da mtv . a unica diferenca e que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas .
0	a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .
0	the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
0	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
0	amid the cliche and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn .
0	despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
0	the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
0	demme's loose approach kills the suspense .
0	every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
0	i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad .
0	it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't .
0	comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
0	the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power .
0	instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
0	entertaining enough , but nothing new
0	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ?
0	in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
0	while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy .
0	watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
0	involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
0	feels familiar and tired .
0	even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
0	got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length .
0	this is nothing but familiar territory .
0	being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
0	needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
0	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
0	you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
0	paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
0	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
0	overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
0	feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
0	sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
0	one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears .
0	although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
0	these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector .
0	represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
0	i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
0	imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar .
0	with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
0	an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
0	diane lane shines in unfaithful . almost everything else is wan .
0	stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
0	the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
0	this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
0	. . . silly humbuggery . . .
0	it's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it's about as exciting as a sunburn .
0	city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
0	its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
0	seems like someone going through the motions .
0	it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
0	an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s .
0	the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
0	ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it .
0	. . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
0	the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
0	the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
0	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
0	by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
0	viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
0	we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
0	truly terrible .
0	mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
0	a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't .
0	a lame comedy .
0	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance .
0	reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
0	it's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut , mad cows .
0	strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing .
0	even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
0	cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
0	it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
0	. . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
0	all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling .
0	frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . .
0	though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected .
0	you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
0	swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
0	in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .
0	for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us .
0	a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel .
0	bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
0	if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
0	combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video .
0	comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
0	anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
0	the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
0	bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
0	the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .
0	culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
0	" roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . "
0	there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
0	a fifty car pileup of cliches .
0	an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .
0	a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
0	i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived .
0	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
0	at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
0	maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived .
0	the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
0	the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
0	showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome .
0	. . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
0	the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
0	secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
0	what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
0	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening .
0	a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world .
0	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
0	unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
0	the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count .
0	. . . too dull to enjoy .
0	both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
0	the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
0	its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
0	hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
0	the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
0	too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
0	this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
0	the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
0	the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
0	sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
0	with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
0	the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
0	to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
0	the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
0	a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
0	from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
0	kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
0	mctiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
0	like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party .
0	there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .
0	'the chateau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
0	as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
0	there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser .
0	to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
0	contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
0	i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
0	i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me .
0	too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
0	dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
0	it's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
0	rarely has a film's title served such dire warning .
0	bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
0	it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through .
0	most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
0	an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
0	mildly entertaining .
0	dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
0	fails to bring as much to the table .
0	. . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
0	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight .
0	a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
0	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
0	what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
0	sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower .
0	any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
0	plays like john le carre with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
0	heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
0	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
0	as saccharine as it is disposable .
0	so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
0	family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
0	though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
0	the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
0	it made me realize that we really haven't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week's reign of fire .
0	a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
0	ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
0	the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
0	visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
0	some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
0	it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does .
0	[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
0	this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
0	not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
0	this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
0	the movie doesn't add anything fresh to the myth .
0	the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
0	yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling .
0	where the film falters is in its tone .
0	'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
0	directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
0	a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
0	yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
0	the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
0	it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
0	only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm .
0	an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
0	might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
0	deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
0	sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .
0	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
0	will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .
0	the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
0	there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them .
0	dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
0	it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary .
0	has its moments , but it's pretty far from a treasure .
0	though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear .
0	i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
0	never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
0	. . . hypnotically dull .
0	why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ?
0	stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
0	so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
0	aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
0	a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
0	a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
0	demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
0	if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
0	serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
0	. . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
0	the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
0	it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental .
0	gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it .
0	" freaky friday , " it's not .
0	disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
0	it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
0	writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
0	been there done that .
0	a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
0	the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
0	wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
0	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
0	this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
0	george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
0	it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that .
0	too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured .
0	mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
0	illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
0	the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments .
0	bland but harmless .
0	because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling .
0	the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
0	ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
0	though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
0	. . . tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
0	the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
0	fairly run-of-the-mill .
0	all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
0	no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story .
0	obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
0	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
0	when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w .
0	what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
0	juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
0	fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
0	gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
0	most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most .
0	safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye .
0	a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .
0	children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
0	it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
0	ararat feels like a book report
0	like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
0	while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
0	how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know .
0	an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work .
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
0	low rent from frame one .
0	you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] .
0	typical anime , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
0	formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
0	movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction .
0	please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
0	what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
0	moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact .
0	anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
0	corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
0	hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character .
0	slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
0	another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
0	once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
0	if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special .
0	a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
0	the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
0	it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
0	will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
0	cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
0	it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
0	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
0	derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
0	at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
0	credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
0	the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
0	it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
0	nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
0	insufferably naive .
0	this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career .
0	a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise .
0	outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
0	the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . .
0	possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
0	almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . "
0	nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too .
0	scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
0	exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
0	i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers .
0	the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
0	it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
0	i hate this movie
0	a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .
0	love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it .
0	comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions . . . feel silly rather than plausible .
0	less than fresh .
0	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
0	" not really as bad as you might think ! "
0	a dreary movie .
0	its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material .
0	bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
0	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
0	the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
0	a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are .
0	a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
0	resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .
0	frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
0	the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
0	lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
0	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
0	eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal .
0	" the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor it's just plain bored .
0	barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
0	davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .
0	whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
0	filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
0	adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all .
0	imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
0	vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much .
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
0	the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version .
0	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore .
0	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
0	instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources good sources , bad mixture
0	squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
0	it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
0	if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta .
0	i've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .
0	done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment .
0	worthy of the gong .
0	with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
0	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end .
0	arty gay film .
0	the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it .
0	it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
0	this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor .
0	gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
0	the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '
0	all too familiar . . . basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'angels with dirty faces' appeared in 1938 .
0	they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .
0	with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie cliches .
0	well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
0	it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
0	just one bad idea after another .
0	the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
0	the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
0	a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work .
0	an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald's , let alone some savvy street activism .
0	benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
0	it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
0	flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
0	a workshop mentality prevails .
0	the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
0	feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
0	it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
0	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end .
0	the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
0	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
0	mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid .
0	it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - audience sadism -- is evaded completely .
0	little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
0	a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
0	what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
0	much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset .
0	for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love's dissolution .
0	this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
0	so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
0	martin scorsese cria um espetaculo visual que nao possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio .
0	the film is flat .
0	this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon .
0	in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
0	the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
0	can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
0	the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful .
0	in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
0	this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious .
0	long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
0	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
0	the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
0	a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement .
0	the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
0	it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
0	high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
0	it's not original enough .
0	cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
0	it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliche atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work .
0	the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
0	the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
0	in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
0	super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers .
0	jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company .
0	. . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
0	in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
0	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
0	when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
0	[a] painfully flat gross-out comedy . . .
0	did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray .
0	while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
0	the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
0	it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
0	a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
0	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
0	what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
0	the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made .
0	there is so much plodding sensitivity .
0	we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
0	. . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
0	o otimo esforco do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos sao explicados .
0	harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
0	empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either .
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
0	it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
0	a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
0	its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
0	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .
0	video games are more involving than this mess .
0	somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
0	that is essentially what's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point .
0	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
0	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem .
0	though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
0	shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
0	dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
0	the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down .
0	how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
0	an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
0	the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
0	looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way .
0	the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) .
0	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
0	high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
0	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
0	mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
0	the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
0	demands too much of most viewers .
0	this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
0	i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
0	it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
0	wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand .
0	since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
0	the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much .
0	thoroughly awful .
0	chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
0	how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
0	whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
0	the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
0	. . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
0	conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
0	resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year .
0	it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
0	while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
0	children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed .
0	human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
0	a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
0	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
0	this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
0	less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
0	slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .
0	the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .
0	jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .
0	. . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
0	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins .
0	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources .
0	the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
0	watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
0	supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
0	the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra .
0	despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
0	an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson .
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky .
0	the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
0	to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough .
0	rates an 'e' for effort -- and a 'b' for boring .
0	. . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
0	it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call .
0	it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
0	the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
0	its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
0	this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned .
0	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
0	there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
0	well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy .
0	the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
0	mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
0	a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
0	in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags .
0	it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut .
0	propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
0	it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
0	it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow .
0	lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian .
0	technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
0	it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism .
0	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
0	the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died .
0	absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
0	a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
0	russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features .
0	if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
0	i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
0	solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
0	matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
0	the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
0	velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .
0	. . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
0	proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
0	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
0	if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
0	when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign .
0	like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
0	will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .
0	authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
0	if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you .
0	downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
0	suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
0	it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long .
0	as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
0	forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore .
0	a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either .
0	philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
0	far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
0	a porn film without the sex scenes .
0	i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
0	it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
0	alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors .
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .
0	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
0	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
0	wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
0	when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
0	this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous .
0	a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
0	[u]nrelentingly stupid .
0	warmed-over hash .
0	what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form .
0	topkapi this is not .
0	eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
0	chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
0	it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
0	if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate .
0	such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
0	by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
0	this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
0	un thriller manque qui tombe sur les nerfs presque des la premiere image .
0	it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds cliches the filmmakers could dredge up .
0	in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context .
0	feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot .
0	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . )
0	though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .
0	is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
0	the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
0	a bad movie that happened to good actors .
0	is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ?
0	a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
0	[a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
0	guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
0	we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict .
0	only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
0	i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
0	at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford .
0	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
0	both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
0	one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
0	the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
0	the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
0	possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose .
0	reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
0	narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .
0	these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they're simply not funny performers .
0	sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .
0	the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess .
0	for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
0	a relative letdown .
0	it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious .
0	jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
0	the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
0	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
0	if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg .
0	one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
0	a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
0	bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not .
0	while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
0	all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that .
0	a non-mystery mystery .
0	it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
0	another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
0	there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .
0	. . . a confusing drudgery .
0	just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
0	[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
0	a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
0	the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
0	narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
0	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
0	a bravura exercise in emptiness .
0	proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
0	creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
0	if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
0	comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
0	too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
0	her film is like a beautiful food entree that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
0	william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . .
0	while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey .
0	it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
0	it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either .
0	love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
0	the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
0	replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing .
0	there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter .
0	offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen .
0	this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmm might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
0	4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
0	rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naif's encounter with the world .
0	hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff .
0	the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
0	overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim .
0	by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
0	a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
0	trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
0	screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
0	a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films .
0	schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . .
0	it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
0	exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
0	. . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
0	bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
0	there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
0	almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability .
0	a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
0	adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
0	earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
0	a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
0	it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's .
0	after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
0	with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted .
0	hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
0	a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms .
0	fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
0	the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
0	to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
0	slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
0	vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
0	none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
0	there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
0	it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .
0	. . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
0	you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
0	much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
0	mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
0	how do you spell cliche ?
0	the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
0	it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
0	" bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way .
0	hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
0	sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation .
0	and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
0	if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam .
0	the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
0	not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
0	tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool .
0	it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
0	better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
0	ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
0	christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic .
0	this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
0	a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
0	if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent .
0	an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
0	it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
0	a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
0	the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .
0	blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
0	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core .
0	a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive .
0	whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
0	admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
0	if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
0	usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it .
0	all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters .
0	lurid and less than lucid work .
0	i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . .
0	a well-acted , but one-note film .
0	i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .
0	the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
0	pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
0	a bit of an unwieldy mess .
0	well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
0	the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear .
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean .
0	the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult .
0	throw smoochy from the train !
0	did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
0	lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
0	tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
0	none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective .
0	occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
0	cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
0	don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
0	i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
0	. . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
0	a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic .
0	an often unfunny romp .
0	not exactly the bees knees
0	to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist .
0	by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic .
0	exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
0	pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .
0	bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
0	full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
0	draggin' about dragons
0	[i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing .
0	just plain silly .
0	trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
0	director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
0	it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
0	. . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags .
0	a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
0	'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo mistico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensacion de inconformidad que hace pensar mas de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '
0	it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
0	the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff .
0	fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
0	a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
0	at the bottom rung of the series' entries .
0	a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
0	quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
0	why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ?
0	just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
0	a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
0	queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
0	not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
0	you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
0	this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
0	the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it .
0	shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
0	the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here .
0	frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes .
0	it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .
0	the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
0	. . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle .
0	a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
0	though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
0	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
0	busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
0	the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
0	herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance .
0	earnest but heavy-handed .
0	yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . .
0	as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
0	" looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
0	unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
0	gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point .
0	they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
0	'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
0	. . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 .
0	reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
0	late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet .
0	the chocolate factory without charlie .
0	like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it .
0	as steamy as last week's pork dumplings .
0	bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon .
0	this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
0	this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
0	ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
0	all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
0	snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
0	. . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
0	such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
0	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
0	[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
0	ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna .
0	a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie .
0	to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
0	very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks .
0	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
0	it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen .
0	it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
0	not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
0	leaks treacle from every pore .
0	i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
0	the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue .
0	the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
0	an opportunity missed .
0	a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
0	the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
0	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
0	entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
0	a thriller without a lot of thrills .
0	for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
0	doesn't add up to much .
0	chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
0	brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every cliched white-trash situation imaginable .
0	everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
0	more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
0	too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
0	[a] crushing disappointment .
0	if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter .
0	aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
0	seriously , rent the disney version .
0	a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
0	below is well below expectations .
0	drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
0	the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
0	if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
0	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
0	the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice .
0	the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
0	may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
0	in the end , there isn't much to it .
0	an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
0	it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
0	a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
0	comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
0	the film is strictly routine .
0	the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
0	reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
0	to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
0	the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
0	you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
0	the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
0	i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
0	director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
0	. . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
0	no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
0	bad company . bad movie . just plain bad .
0	for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
0	nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget .
0	if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) .
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions .
0	one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
0	it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating .
0	the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos hadn't blown them all up .
0	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
0	[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment .
0	not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
0	it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
0	why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
0	despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
0	the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
0	it tells more than it shows .
0	the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
0	it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
0	kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
0	the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
0	there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie .
0	. . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
0	skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
0	its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
0	it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .
0	much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliche .
0	by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
0	the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .
0	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
0	this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
0	the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
0	borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
0	the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
0	[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
0	audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .
0	this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
0	this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better .
0	an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
0	if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
0	when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
0	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
0	historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
0	this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
0	like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
0	[morgan] , judd and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism .
0	brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
0	one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny .
0	there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
0	a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
0	the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
0	plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .
0	if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
0	i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
0	simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say .
0	ihops don't pile on this much syrup .
0	our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender and i know this because i've seen 'jackass : the movie . '
0	there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
0	flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern's thick , working-class scottish accent .
0	off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
0	if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
0	being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
0	it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
0	one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever .
0	it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
0	the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
0	puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
0	a sometimes tedious film .
0	. . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
0	a 'girls gone wild' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation isn't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers aren't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
0	with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
0	the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
0	deserving of its critical backlash and more .
0	no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
0	a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
0	whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
0	an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving .
0	attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
0	although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
0	the phone rings and a voice tells you you've got seven days left to live . then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isn't back at blockbuster before midnight , you're going to face frightening late fees . o . k . , not really .
0	a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
0	a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
0	. . . an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
0	coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
0	fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
0	a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
0	. . . has virtually no script at all . . .
0	green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
0	an overstylized , pureed melange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
0	this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
0	amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
0	this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash .
0	a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
0	the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
0	i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible !
0	sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
0	essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . .
0	it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense .
0	producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
0	ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
0	freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher .
0	'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
0	so-so entertainment .
0	the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling .
0	this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference .
0	the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
0	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
0	the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
0	contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
0	though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
0	it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
0	like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
0	director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
0	good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
0	despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
0	a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
0	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno .
0	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
0	a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
0	the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
0	full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure .
0	well-meaning but inert .
0	a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
0	the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
0	both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told .
0	pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
0	no surprises .
0	no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
0	i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
0	the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
0	a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
0	rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
0	none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
0	a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
0	the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
0	no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it .
0	with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
0	lame , haphazard teen comedy .
0	most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
0	in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
0	has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .
0	it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
0	cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
0	no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
0	despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
0	slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
0	an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
0	adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
0	whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
0	they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
0	stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd .
0	boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
0	further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
0	a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
0	master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
0	the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
0	whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
0	finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
0	interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
0	i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . it's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
0	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
0	oh , it's extreme , all right . extremely dumb . extremely confusing . extremely boring .
0	es triste tener que decirles que lo unico grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . .
0	it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
0	an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
0	boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
0	whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . but one thing's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
0	it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
0	something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
0	it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
0	if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
0	an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
0	an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
0	bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
0	rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
0	even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
0	spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
0	mild , meandering teen flick .
0	downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating .
0	no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
0	sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . .
0	lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
0	the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
0	the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
0	a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
0	a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .
0	no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
0	yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence .
0	[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .
0	it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
0	a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
0	since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
0	the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
0	thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
0	big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
0	the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
0	most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
0	the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
0	its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
0	the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
0	there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
0	it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
0	the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
0	a combination of standard , stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .
0	an encouraging effort from mccrudden
0	somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
0	paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
0	the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
0	. . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
0	the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
0	jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
0	for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
0	all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
0	narc is all menace and atmosphere .
0	despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
0	the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
0	snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
0	the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
0	shallow .
0	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
0	the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
0	it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .
0	taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot .
0	one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
0	like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
0	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
0	bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
0	the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
0	it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through .
0	despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
0	has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
0	what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
0	the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
0	the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
0	once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
0	it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
0	too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film .
0	melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back .
0	five screenwriters are credited with the cliche-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
0	anemic , pretentious .
0	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
0	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
0	hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
0	feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
0	we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire .
0	on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
0	the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
0	if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be " how does steven seagal come across these days ? " or maybe " how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
0	eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
0	as if drop dead gorgeous wasn't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
0	humor in i spy is so anemic .
0	while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
0	you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
0	one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
0	it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
0	. . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then .
0	more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
0	the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
0	feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
0	ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
0	[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
0	shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
0	i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
0	don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .
0	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
0	a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
0	never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . "
0	it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
0	though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful .
0	places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
0	more precious than perspicacious
0	a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
0	made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
0	the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .
0	this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
0	interesting , but not compelling .
0	the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . .
0	cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .
0	too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
0	completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
0	green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
0	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .
0	everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
0	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent .
0	tends to plod .
0	oozes condescension from every pore .
0	the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
0	purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
0	it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love .
0	[a] slummer .
0	only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
0	alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl .
0	irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
0	a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
0	loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
0	the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
0	execrable .
0	deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered .
0	the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
0	a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
0	the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
0	it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
0	a noble failure .
0	a real snooze .
0	a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
0	the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .
0	a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
0	denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
0	this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
0	too simple for its own good .
0	burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
0	most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
0	there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .
0	the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .
0	think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world's most generic rock star .
0	looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
0	a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
0	often likable , but just as often it's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
0	a sequel that's much too big for its britches .
0	none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
0	the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
0	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
0	if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick .
0	deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
0	fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
0	with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here .
0	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
0	for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
0	at a time when we've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
0	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more .
0	maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
0	highly uneven and inconsistent . . . margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
0	great story , bad idea for a movie .
0	adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
0	choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
0	it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
0	the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch .
0	the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive .
0	bartlett's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
0	take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets .
0	attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
0	a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
0	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse .
0	this is so bad .
0	zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
0	so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
0	just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing .
0	you may be galled that you've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
0	lastima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones .
0	all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat .
0	ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same !
0	boy oh boy , it's a howler .
0	the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
0	hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? i didn't think so .
0	although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
0	the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
0	there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
0	while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
0	lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert .
0	gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful cliche in the book at this nonsensical story .
0	the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design .
0	this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
0	barely gets off the ground .
0	if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother .
0	there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
0	the photographer's show-don't-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
0	a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
0	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
0	festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
0	barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
0	a negligible british comedy .
0	what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
0	malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
0	it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring .
0	. . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried .
0	feeble comedy .
0	feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
0	written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter .
0	[taylor] takes us on a ride that's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
0	shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
0	you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
0	to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
0	a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick .
0	there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again .
0	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
0	curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
0	if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
0	it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .
0	. . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee .
0	impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim .
0	pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
0	scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight !
0	the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
0	if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
0	a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
0	a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
0	the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
0	only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for .
0	delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
0	painfully padded .
0	it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
0	while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production .
0	. . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
0	don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy .
0	skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
0	the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
0	. . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
0	content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
0	roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
0	priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
0	the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
0	in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
0	sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .
0	godawful boring slug of a movie .
0	it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
0	stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
0	why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
0	it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
0	if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
0	hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
0	while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
0	although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
0	works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
0	both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
0	like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
0	sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot .
0	a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
0	let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
0	dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick .
0	wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award .
0	competently directed but terminally cute drama .
0	it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
0	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
0	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
0	so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
0	had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
0	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
0	. . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
0	broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
0	is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?
0	moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
0	a fascinating but choppy documentary .
0	so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
0	has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
0	poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
0	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
0	an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
0	it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
0	when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
0	who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
0	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
0	this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
0	a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu .
0	a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
0	the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
0	while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . "
0	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush .
0	allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
0	ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
0	the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .
0	frenetic but not really funny .
0	too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
0	a dreary indulgence .
0	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price .
0	the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
0	any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
0	a bit too eager to please .
0	one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen .
0	a incompetencia de marcus adams como roteirista so e superada por sua pessima direcao .
0	if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles .
0	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
0	in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
0	this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
0	may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
0	seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
0	i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid .
0	howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a bunuel retrospective .
0	it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped em together here .
0	kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
0	richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold .
0	this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
0	wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
0	looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
0	less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
0	twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time .
0	paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat .
0	starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
0	the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
0	the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .
0	scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
0	it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
0	this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' .
0	few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance .
0	too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
0	the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
0	about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
0	the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut !
0	a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
0	my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
0	whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
0	horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible .
0	a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
0	a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
0	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
0	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
0	has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape .
0	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
0	not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
0	depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
0	even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie .
0	there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .
0	overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
0	disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
0	plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
0	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much .
0	each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
0	i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
0	coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
0	the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
0	glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
0	i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliche .
0	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliche has been unturned . but no .
0	has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd .
0	cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
0	the film doesn't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
0	the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
0	the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses and ours and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .
0	harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one .
0	after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
0	crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
0	although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
0	starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into cliches .
0	the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
0	mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
0	when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
0	is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer .
0	demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh .
0	equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
0	the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial .
0	the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
0	a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
0	you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story .
0	friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
0	seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
0	the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
0	shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
0	stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
0	like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
0	don't even bother to rent this on video .
0	glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
0	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
0	a complete waste of time .
0	watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
0	may puzzle his most ardent fans .
0	sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
0	the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters .
0	just a bloody mess .
0	the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
0	true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
0	if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
0	. . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
0	utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
0	plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
0	shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
0	worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
0	the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
0	offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .
0	it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .
0	it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . "
0	as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
0	a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
0	for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
0	even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
0	mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry .
0	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame .
0	the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
0	. . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
0	with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better .
0	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
0	ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
0	no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
0	falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice .
0	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
0	beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick .
0	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
0	if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
0	hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry .
0	one of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .
0	. . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
0	the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
0	it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
0	more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
0	the characters are based on stock cliches , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
0	clever but not especially compelling .
0	plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
0	this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
0	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
0	the thrill is ( long ) gone .
0	the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
0	this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
0	sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its elan , humor , bile , and irony .
0	its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .
0	parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
0	a very average science fiction film .
0	with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
0	makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment . . . but at least this time there's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .
0	inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
0	by-the-numbers yarn .
0	under-rehearsed and lifeless
0	although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
0	despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
0	a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
0	the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work .
0	this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times .
0	elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
0	all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
0	eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants .
0	definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
0	first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
0	. . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
0	terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
0	watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
0	this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
0	yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo .
0	what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
0	as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up .
0	romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect .
0	credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
0	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . .
0	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
0	one thing's for sure if george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
0	just not campy enough
0	none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
0	what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
0	clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
0	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
0	drowning's too good for this sucker .
0	the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
0	has all the depth of a wading pool .
0	although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league .
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
0	apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
0	a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
0	there's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a cliched , doddering , misogynistic boy's club .
0	the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
0	though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliche .
0	writer/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it's disastrous and kate's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
0	ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism .
0	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
0	an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories .
0	overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film .
0	gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
0	a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
0	what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
0	on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
0	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
0	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage .
0	can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
0	there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
0	nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
0	this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
0	nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
0	jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
0	an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
0	hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty .
0	at the very least , if you don't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you won't know much more when you leave .
0	characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .
0	watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
0	maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this .
0	the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .
0	as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs .
0	includes too much obvious padding .
0	ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
0	forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
0	a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family .
0	sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
0	often silly and gross but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
0	[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
0	the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
0	this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
0	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
0	not counting a few gross-out comedies i've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
0	[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context .
0	the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .
0	ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
0	an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
0	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party .
0	director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
0	skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
0	nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
0	boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
0	a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
0	i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
0	it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
0	it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
0	for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
0	a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
0	even horror fans will most likely not find what they're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
0	the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten . . . make that three minutes .
0	sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
0	gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic .
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
0	an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
0	amazingly dopey .
0	bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad .
0	" an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . "
0	trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
0	the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
0	the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
0	the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
0	unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
0	it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future .
0	adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
0	at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day .
0	mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
0	it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .
0	a moving picture that does not move .
0	banal and predictable .
0	a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
0	often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ?
0	robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
0	no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
0	the whole affair is as predictable as can be .
0	drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness .
0	the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
0	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
0	the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
0	this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
0	a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .
0	it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
0	with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
0	el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
0	it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned .
0	holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
0	made by jackasses for jackasses .
0	the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers .
0	the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
0	despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
0	the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates .
0	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
0	the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
0	borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
0	its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
0	an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
0	the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york .
0	the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
0	an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
0	a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
0	a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
0	impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
0	always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
0	though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
0	its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) .
0	blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
0	girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
0	this u-boat doesn't have a captain .
0	the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
0	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
0	burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
0	hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .
0	a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
0	i'm just too bored to care .
0	when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ?
0	there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
0	has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
0	passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road .
0	exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
0	nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
0	intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
0	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
0	it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
0	i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
0	the movie gets muted and routine .
0	the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
0	some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .
0	[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . .
0	there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .
0	simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
0	a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
0	buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of cliches and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block .
0	the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
0	kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
0	'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . "
0	ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
0	the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
0	a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
0	degenerates into hogwash .
0	like being trapped at a perpetual frat party . . . how can something so gross be so boring ?
0	there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
0	every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie !
0	the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
0	there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
0	there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
0	the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay .
0	confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
0	the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .
0	in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
0	an ugly , revolting movie .
0	nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
0	to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
0	a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .
0	ah-nuld's action hero days might be over .
0	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
0	it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
0	her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero .
0	the film can depress you about life itself .
0	i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal .
0	you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
0	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
0	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
0	alternately frustrating and rewarding .
0	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
0	flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
0	the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
0	deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
0	the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
0	zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
0	adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
0	this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
0	this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
0	this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story .
0	will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
0	the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
0	not once does it come close to being exciting .
0	there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
0	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
0	the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville .
0	for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
0	there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
0	that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies .
0	manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
0	isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it .
0	chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
0	the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
0	the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither .
0	long time dead ? not nearly long enough .
0	manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
0	i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it'll be on video by then .
0	the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud .
0	outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
0	unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression .
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
0	this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer .
0	as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
0	despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '
0	you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
0	this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow .
0	what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad .
0	ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
0	nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
0	brisk hack job .
0	much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
0	despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end .
0	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
0	'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived .
0	there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
0	at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab .
0	no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
0	aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me .
0	woody , what happened ?
0	instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
0	the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
0	if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't .
0	a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
0	granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
0	i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay .
0	tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club .
0	the plot is nothing but boilerplate cliches from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	no way i can believe this load of junk .
0	an uninspired preachy and cliched war film .
0	i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
0	this film biggest problem ? no laughs .
0	it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .
0	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen .
0	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
0	with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 .
0	this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
0	problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
0	too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
0	yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ?
0	there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
0	the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
0	less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
0	shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
0	gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
0	this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often .
0	i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
0	not even the hanson brothers can save it
0	. . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
0	i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
0	an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
0	you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
0	suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .
0	a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
0	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
0	that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout .
0	it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
0	the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles several of them .
0	it's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .
0	too much of the humor falls flat .
0	the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
0	has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
0	it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
0	the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
0	an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
0	laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
0	disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies or any other john woo flick for that matter .
0	no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
0	the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .
0	k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich .
0	passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .
0	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie .
0	this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
0	due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
0	the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
0	so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
0	the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
0	the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
0	a ragbag of cliches .
0	an awful snooze .
0	theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ?
0	fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
0	. . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
0	if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option .
0	as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
0	the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it .
0	as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
0	it's everything you don't go to the movies for .
0	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
0	[stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
0	what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial .
0	there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
0	enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid .
0	the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .
0	like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
0	a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
0	a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
0	serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
0	a picture as erratic as its central character .
0	detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
0	a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
0	see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died .
0	stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
0	" analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
0	i'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
0	slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
0	none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens .
0	however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
0	ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
0	. . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
0	none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . .
0	just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
0	not so much farcical as sour .
0	if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
0	everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
0	how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
0	soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
0	plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
0	the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
0	if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
0	enduring love but exhausting cinema .
0	any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
0	spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
0	though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
0	verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all .
0	while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
0	christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
0	when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
0	here's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
0	an unclassifiably awful study in self- and audience-abuse .
0	another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
0	the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
0	does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in- the-blanks with a tragic past .
0	eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good .
0	[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
0	it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up .
0	remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more .
0	with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins .
0	one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
0	the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
0	apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .
0	the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
0	" juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually .
0	a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
0	bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
0	" one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ?
0	impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
0	there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes .
0	shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
0	shallow , noisy and pretentious .
0	unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
0	involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
0	. . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
0	clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
0	it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you .
0	characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
0	do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
0	a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
0	never having seen the first two films in the series , i can't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
0	apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 " black and white portable tv .
0	it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
0	we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so !
0	observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom .
0	ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous .
0	once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
0	weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
0	everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
0	while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
0	parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play .
0	this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work .
0	as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable .
0	features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
0	more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
0	its one-sidedness . . . flirts with propaganda .
0	it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
0	one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou .
0	what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
0	a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
0	" the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
0	like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
0	that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .
0	any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
0	. . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers .
0	newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
0	leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
0	viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
0	watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence .
0	marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
0	how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ?
0	will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
0	though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
0	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
0	tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
0	diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
0	almost gags on its own gore .
0	as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
0	this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
0	sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
0	fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
0	a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
0	behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
0	as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
0	no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
0	an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
0	one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
0	aggravating and tedious .
0	' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
0	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
0	in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
0	van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
0	that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .
0	don't let your festive spirit go this far .
0	partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .
0	the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . "
0	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving .
0	a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken .
0	[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
0	. . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
0	. . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
0	drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
0	diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
0	a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
0	just isn't as weird as it ought to be .
0	mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
0	so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
0	. . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
0	after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
0	if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
0	those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
0	i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
0	cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them .
0	trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .
0	ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
0	an empty , purposeless exercise .
0	one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
0	i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
0	`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
0	exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair .
0	john mctiernan's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . it's also stupider .
0	without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
0	big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
0	has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
0	though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
0	well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
0	remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
0	mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
0	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
0	i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless .
0	nothing about this movie works .
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
0	feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .
0	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
0	to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .
0	bearable . barely .
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
0	even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
0	not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
0	there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
0	the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
0	" the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes .
0	screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
0	i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
0	while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
0	jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .
0	full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
0	sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
0	i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
0	it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting .
0	the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .
0	[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
0	this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
0	. . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
0	in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
0	it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
0	star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .
0	everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
0	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .
0	kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world .
0	simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
0	overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
0	rather less than the sum of its underventilated pere-fils confrontations .
0	a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
0	. . . a bland , pretentious mess .
0	overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring .
0	witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
0	yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
0	a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame .
0	perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going .
0	this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
0	we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
0	i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
0	a feeble tootsie knockoff .
0	tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
0	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
0	less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
0	despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
0	no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
0	smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .
0	get out your pooper-scoopers .
0	as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
0	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here .
0	astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
0	the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
0	the whole film has this sneaky feel to it as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
0	it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
0	a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash .
0	a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
0	a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
0	i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
0	a tv episode inflated past its natural length .
0	this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now .
0	the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
0	'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .
0	the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
0	the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesn't have his heart in it .
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever .
0	in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . "
0	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
0	it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
0	about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful .
0	this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
0	[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .
0	an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
0	the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
0	the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
0	despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
0	so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
0	it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
0	a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
0	it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
0	it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
0	a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
0	a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
0	doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
0	try as i may , i can't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , 'thank you ! ' when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
0	no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
0	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
0	the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
0	the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
0	too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash .
0	no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
0	sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it .
0	while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
0	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
0	poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
0	storytelling feels slight .
0	[a] mess .
0	for dance completists only .
0	chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
0	dramatically lackluster .
0	one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .
0	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
0	the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .
0	as social expose , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on .
0	a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
0	it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
0	[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
0	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
0	unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
0	there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
0	[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
0	the movie is a mess from start to finish .
0	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
0	it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
0	the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
0	an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
0	barely goes beyond comic book status .
0	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
0	it's just a little too self-satisfied .
0	several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
0	it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success .
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
0	the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it .
0	it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
0	the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected .
0	forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
0	intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject .
0	a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .
0	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
0	there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
0	a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years .
0	the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
0	the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it .
0	wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives !
0	this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
0	this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
0	instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
0	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
0	[a] stale retread of the '53 original .
0	the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
0	jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
0	the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
0	there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering .
0	a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
0	the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .
0	fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
0	apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
0	a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
0	a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
0	there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker .
0	the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
0	whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .
0	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
0	bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
0	steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
0	the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
0	. . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
0	a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
0	debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish .
0	its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
0	a well-crafted letdown .
0	there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it .
0	it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation .
0	a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
0	on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl .
0	rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
0	you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic !
0	returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .
0	while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
0	it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
0	just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
0	as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
0	a decidedly mixed bag .
0	starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
0	madonna still can't act a lick .
0	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
0	this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
0	the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more .
0	the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
0	in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .
0	extremely bad .
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
0	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story .
0	you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring .
0	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
0	for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
0	certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
0	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
0	would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
0	after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of cliches , depression and bad alternative music .
0	a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending .
0	not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliche left unsaid .
0	one long string of cliches .
0	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious .
0	my own minority report is that it stinks .
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
0	movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ?
0	while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
0	ecks this one off your must-see list .
0	. . . jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just isn't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts .
0	if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .
0	[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be .
0	once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny .
0	this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
0	hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .
0	first-time director joao pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
0	if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump .
0	sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .
0	perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
0	[l]ame and unnecessary .
0	not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
0	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
0	it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
0	a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
0	excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
0	the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .
0	too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
0	. . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . .
0	makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
0	a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
0	as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
0	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art .
0	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen .
0	unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
0	it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too .
0	message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither .
0	well-meant but unoriginal .
0	a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
0	it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
0	lacks depth .
0	nothing about it fits .
0	borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
0	call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
0	rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
0	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
0	to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation .
0	nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
0	a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
0	adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
0	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf .
0	i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
0	a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save .
0	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
0	john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
0	the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
0	the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
0	in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
0	tries too hard to be funny in a way that's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
0	a gushy episode of " m * a * s * h " only this time from an asian perspective .
0	just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else .
0	doesn't really add up to much .
0	the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
0	bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
0	this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
0	as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
0	haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
0	just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny .
0	this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
0	its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
0	lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
0	a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
0	with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie .
0	a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
0	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
0	it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
0	i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
0	the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
0	time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
0	why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
0	. . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
0	a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
0	none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny .
0	who needs love like this ?
0	lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
0	sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
0	a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well .
0	cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace .
0	although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
0	so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .
0	the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life .
0	no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either .
0	too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization .
0	too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet .
0	the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
0	`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere .
0	when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
0	kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both .
0	[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
0	'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
0	equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
0	the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
0	in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
0	there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
0	a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
0	feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
0	troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
0	a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust .
0	unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
0	it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will .
0	solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were .
0	eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . .
0	i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
0	i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
0	i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem .
0	first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction .
0	i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool .
0	the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
0	while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
0	the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
0	like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .
0	what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy .
0	blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
0	crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
0	the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
0	a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes .
0	some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
0	expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies .
0	the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that .
0	the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
0	predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
0	reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .
0	it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
0	care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .
0	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
0	an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
0	pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
0	go , girls , right down the reality drain .
0	if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
0	it's just rather leaden and dull .
0	set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york .
0	what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
0	a respectable but uninspired thriller that's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .
0	it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
0	scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
0	meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
0	human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
0	the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
0	costner's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
0	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
0	death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again .
0	it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original .
0	pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
0	what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
0	feels shrill , simple and soapy .
0	johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
0	the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
0	an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
0	a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
0	it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
0	earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
0	a coarse and stupid gross-out .
0	you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
0	has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act .
0	imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno .
0	one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album .
0	never inspires more than an interested detachment .
0	the plan to make enough into an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a souffle gone wrong .
0	after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
0	death might be a release .
0	yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
0	nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
0	cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
0	despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
0	rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
0	this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
0	holden caulfield did it better .
0	on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
0	a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
0	the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .
0	you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
0	the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
0	the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
0	it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
0	it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
0	this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
0	there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
0	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
0	stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
0	the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
0	shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
0	a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience .
0	none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
0	'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
0	except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
0	i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
0	there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
0	these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
0	while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
0	it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? "
0	an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
0	the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
0	i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it .
0	the picture doesn't know it's a comedy .
0	writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
0	cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment . . . simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
0	such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard !
0	[t]he ideas of revolution #9 are more compelling than the execution
0	the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
0	began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
0	an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . .
0	though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
0	it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
0	van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
0	flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .
0	uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . .
0	scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas .
0	ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
0	the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
0	[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent .
0	it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
0	the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds .
0	i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
0	after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
0	the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
0	this is no " waterboy ! "
0	perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy .
0	a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
0	there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
0	tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
0	it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem .
0	all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
0	it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
0	at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .
0	a collage of cliches and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
0	it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
0	[at least] moore is a real charmer .
0	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
0	here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
0	a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
0	the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
0	it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
0	there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
0	rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
0	stay away . far away .
0	dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
0	. . . plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
0	there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter .
0	your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
0	by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
0	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
0	ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
0	believability wasn't one of the film's virtues .
0	sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
0	the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
0	such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
0	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows .
0	reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
0	director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
0	it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say .
0	the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly .
0	anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '
0	extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it .
0	with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . he fails .
0	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
0	blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
0	lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
0	what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients .
0	this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
0	one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
0	most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
0	it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !
0	bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them .
0	the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama .
0	american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
0	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
0	there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
0	from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
0	dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
0	generic thriller junk . teens only .
0	'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide .
0	chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
0	the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
0	as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
0	the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
0	snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
0	a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
0	visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
0	the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
0	truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before .
0	if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler .
0	loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
0	it's just not very smart .
0	completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
0	the film is like sitting in a downtown cafe , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
0	one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
0	the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
0	directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting .
0	this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd .
0	'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances .
0	it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) .
0	with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
0	morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
0	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script .
0	this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring .
0	while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
0	i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story .
0	guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest .
0	a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
0	was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
0	the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
0	analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .
0	the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother .
0	directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
0	even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge .
0	a film that loses sight of its own story .
0	this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
0	like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create .
0	this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
0	everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
0	this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through .
0	it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part .
0	an extremely unpleasant film .
0	helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
0	no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas .
0	as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
0	the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
0	something must have been lost in the translation .
0	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
0	a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
0	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
0	the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
0	no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuacao , harold ramis deve ter saido da cama com o pe esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme tambem .
0	there are some laughs in this movie , but williams' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
0	nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
0	its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
0	a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
0	it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be .
0	thin period piece .
0	philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
0	as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
0	the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
0	too clever by about nine-tenths .
0	a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
0	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
0	a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
0	eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
0	a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
0	some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/
0	a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
0	i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
0	i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings .
0	without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelstrom is just another winter sleepers .
0	a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
0	not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
0	depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being .
0	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion .
0	what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
0	the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
0	focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device .
0	it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
0	walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .
0	the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
0	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
0	whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around .
0	there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .
0	large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better .
0	. . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
0	this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
0	no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
0	for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
0	would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
0	the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
0	to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
0	human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
0	de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .
0	this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
0	eh .
0	i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
0	indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
0	gets better after foster leaves that little room .
0	a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
0	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
0	has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
0	you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
0	this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
0	everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
0	even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
0	the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
0	if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ?
0	formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
0	low comedy doesn't come much lower .
0	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
0	if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead .
0	there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
0	sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
0	a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
0	swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent .
0	his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
0	john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
0	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional .
0	" abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
0	the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
0	two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
0	we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold .
0	black-and-white and unrealistic .
0	lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
0	the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
0	the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
0	certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either .
0	an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
0	i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't .
0	has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . .
0	the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
0	there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
0	not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
0	i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
0	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
0	you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
0	an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
0	an uplifting , largely bogus story .
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house .
0	it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
0	the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
0	like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
0	disjointed parody .
0	when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
0	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .
0	. . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
0	for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .
0	my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
0	the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
0	for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie .
0	nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
0	it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
0	every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv .
0	national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats .
0	a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
0	[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
0	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere .
0	fluffy and disposible .
0	between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
0	dreary tale of middle-class angst
0	there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
0	yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
0	incoherence reigns .
0	take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
0	in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash .
0	as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
0	as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
0	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down .
0	. . . routine , harmless diversion and little else .
0	those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
0	the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
0	some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
0	the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
0	the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
0	rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
0	we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
0	this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
0	one of the most highly-praised disappointments i've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
0	cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different .
0	not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
0	blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
0	it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past .
0	it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
0	feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
0	if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .
0	ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
0	not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
0	the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
0	the premise of " abandon " holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess .
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ?
0	like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
0	it's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
0	there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .
0	it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
0	'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
0	the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs .
0	uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .
0	the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows .
0	a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
0	lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) .
0	the story . . . is moldy and obvious .
0	where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
0	all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi .
0	a long-winded , predictable scenario .
0	makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
0	a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
0	a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
0	as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
0	to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
0	with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
0	every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy .
0	its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
0	largely a for-fans artifact .
0	it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
0	'yes , that's right : it's forrest gump , angel of death . '
0	succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies .
0	all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
0	suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
0	what's next : " my mother the car ? "
0	adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
0	if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
1	death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision .
1	[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
1	an awfully good , achingly human picture .
1	the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
1	the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
1	unfortunately , it appears that [jackie] chan's us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .
1	it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
1	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
1	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell .
1	the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
1	though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
1	this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
1	niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
1	ranks among willams' best screen work .
1	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
1	feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
1	if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone .
1	it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
1	'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
1	the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .
1	it's mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
1	a slight but sweet film .
1	there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
1	absorbing character study by andre turpin .
1	it seems grant doesn't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .
1	. . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
1	the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
1	it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
1	although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers .
1	although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
1	if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
1	the old-world- meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
1	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
1	most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; " frailty " leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
1	the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
1	although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
1	it's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
1	murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
1	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
1	thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
1	a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
1	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
1	driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
1	a coming-of-age movie that hollywood wouldn't have the guts to make .
1	aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
1	not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .
1	the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
1	demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
1	the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
1	a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
1	it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
1	a solidly seaworthy chiller .
1	an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
1	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
1	a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . .
1	jae-eun jeong's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
1	the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
1	you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
1	highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
1	it all adds up to good fun .
1	more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
1	although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
1	jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
1	spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are .
1	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
1	a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
1	offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
1	schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past .
1	thanks to the chateau's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
1	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
1	the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
1	the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians .
1	it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will .
1	the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .
1	' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
1	hard to resist .
1	this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
1	a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
1	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
1	george clooney proves he's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .
1	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
1	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
1	there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
1	if you're burnt out on it's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you're looking for . it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
1	if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
1	miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
1	rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
1	cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
1	a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
1	a tone poem of transgression .
1	funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . "
1	most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
1	the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .
1	the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
1	altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
1	if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .
1	uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
1	by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
1	if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
1	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie .
1	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
1	what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
1	not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see .
1	birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns .
1	so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
1	the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain .
1	it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
1	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
1	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
1	the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , rocky-like moments . . . but it's such a warm and charming package that you'll feel too happy to argue much .
1	chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
1	a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
1	writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
1	the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less .
1	the creative animation work may not look as fully 'rendered' as pixar's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
1	a potent allegorical love story .
1	a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
1	ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
1	mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching .
1	effective but too-tepid biopic
1	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
1	" cremaster 3 " should come with the warning " for serious film buffs only ! "
1	a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
1	what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ?
1	anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
1	pray has really done his subject justice .
1	this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
1	the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
1	raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
1	a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .
1	. . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
1	when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
1	affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
1	williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
1	even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time .
1	this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
1	connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
1	awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
1	a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
1	made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental .
1	a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
1	the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
1	this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first .
1	" the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . "
1	manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
1	kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
1	one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it's far tamer than advertised .
1	an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
1	armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
1	the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats' perspective .
1	the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
1	this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
1	gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
1	arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
1	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
1	a lot smarter than your average bond .
1	the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
1	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
1	despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone .
1	a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave .
1	entertains by providing good , lively company .
1	this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
1	the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
1	it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies .
1	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
1	that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy .
1	spend your benjamins on a matinee .
1	diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
1	blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
1	i admired this work a lot .
1	the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
1	though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
1	sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
1	a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic . . .
1	[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .
1	the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
1	otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye .
1	happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
1	another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
1	it's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
1	a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
1	as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
1	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression .
1	writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
1	working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
1	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
1	those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
1	both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
1	puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
1	some body will take you places you haven't been , and also places you have .
1	a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
1	not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
1	an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
1	if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
1	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
1	lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
1	having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version .
1	leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
1	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow .
1	that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
1	weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste .
1	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it .
1	a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall .
1	these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
1	a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
1	as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
1	it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing .
1	mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
1	daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
1	offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
1	a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
1	playfully profound . . . and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
1	with a confrontational stance , todd solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
1	hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
1	an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
1	ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
1	maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
1	call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
1	well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
1	a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .
1	an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
1	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
1	this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters .
1	light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
1	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work .
1	the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
1	a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
1	even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
1	dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
1	jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
1	you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
1	a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
1	helps to remind the first world that hiv/aids is far from being yesterday's news .
1	cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces .
1	chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer .
1	a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
1	if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
1	though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
1	an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
1	it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
1	strange it is , but delightfully so .
1	witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
1	a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
1	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
1	. . . a well-observed and disturbing little movie
1	lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
1	almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
1	the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that wasn't at least watchable . but it's also disappointing to a certain degree .
1	a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
1	human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem .
1	at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture .
1	k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
1	smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
1	the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
1	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss .
1	there are moments of hilarity to be had .
1	my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
1	tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
1	even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
1	the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
1	a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
1	below may not mark mr . twohy's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
1	a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
1	y tu mama tambien es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quiza el proyecto mas arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuaron
1	the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it's no glance . it's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
1	delightfully rendered
1	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
1	one of the best , most understated performances of [jack nicholson's] career .
1	despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer .
1	a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
1	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
1	another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin' .
1	all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
1	it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness .
1	if there's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr . demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
1	it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
1	writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
1	the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
1	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
1	a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture .
1	the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
1	the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
1	the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
1	the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you won't be disappointed .
1	. . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
1	the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version .
1	topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
1	elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
1	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
1	300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
1	the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
1	a modest masterpiece .
1	the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
1	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
1	a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
1	clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
1	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
1	like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake .
1	serious and thoughtful .
1	gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .
1	there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
1	exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
1	marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
1	both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving .
1	[stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
1	your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
1	excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
1	watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
1	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
1	. . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
1	while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who aren't .
1	a wry , affectionate delight .
1	seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing .
1	sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
1	a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
1	using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
1	the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting .
1	argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
1	with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
1	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
1	more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
1	the all-french cast is marveilleux .
1	beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
1	the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
1	an enthralling , entertaining feature .
1	an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
1	the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
1	with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
1	. . . myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs . . .
1	a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
1	the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
1	try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
1	this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
1	it's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son's room .
1	a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
1	one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
1	the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour .
1	. . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that " crazy " people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
1	overall very good for what it's trying to do .
1	those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
1	meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia .
1	as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut .
1	[broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
1	in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
1	features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
1	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
1	a fascinating and fun film .
1	narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
1	all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .
1	instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
1	the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
1	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
1	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
1	watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
1	intelligent and moving .
1	a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
1	the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
1	an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
1	the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
1	finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first .
1	one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . .
1	visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
1	much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .
1	even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting .
1	the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
1	it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake .
1	is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
1	it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
1	an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
1	sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
1	its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
1	this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
1	more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films .
1	a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
1	the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
1	an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad .
1	believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
1	you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
1	assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan .
1	another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
1	watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia .
1	while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
1	kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
1	an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
1	this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
1	a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
1	nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
1	now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
1	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . .
1	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
1	sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
1	a gripping drama .
1	payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
1	a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother .
1	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
1	offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
1	craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
1	mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . .
1	in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
1	. . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
1	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
1	as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
1	the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power .
1	while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
1	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
1	this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .
1	the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
1	the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
1	spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
1	a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
1	the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
1	if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it .
1	aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
1	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
1	entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining !
1	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
1	transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
1	a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
1	[gai] comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
1	a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
1	the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
1	got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . .
1	k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
1	offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .
1	i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .
1	the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
1	elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
1	a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
1	interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
1	saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
1	a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
1	jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
1	what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
1	flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
1	a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
1	with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . .
1	what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
1	drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
1	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
1	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
1	this is a very fine movie -- go see it .
1	this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
1	a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
1	[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it .
1	a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
1	the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
1	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance .
1	for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
1	beart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent .
1	rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
1	a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion .
1	if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you .
1	writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
1	if mr . zhang's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially american , his approach to storytelling might be called iranian .
1	fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
1	a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
1	talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching .
1	though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
1	o ultimo suspeito ganha forca ao tambem funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar .
1	a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
1	director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage .
1	you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
1	all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
1	combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
1	the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . .
1	the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
1	watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
1	ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
1	i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
1	jacquot's tosca is a treat .
1	k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
1	a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
1	most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
1	it's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
1	a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
1	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
1	standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
1	[cuaron has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
1	could have been crisper and punchier , but it's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
1	expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
1	it's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
1	gives everyone something to shout about .
1	audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amelie .
1	australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
1	another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
1	a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
1	a very pretty after-school special . it's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
1	nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
1	what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
1	the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
1	a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
1	passable entertainment , but it's the kind of motion picture that won't make much of a splash when it's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
1	the filmmakers' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls' environment .
1	rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue .
1	divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
1	if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . .
1	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
1	this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
1	nice piece of work .
1	imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
1	this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . in fact , it's quite fun in places .
1	not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books .
1	on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play .
1	[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel .
1	this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
1	a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
1	it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
1	jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
1	the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
1	essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .
1	. . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not .
1	too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
1	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
1	a modestly surprising movie .
1	this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
1	in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
1	occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
1	the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . .
1	very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
1	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
1	graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .
1	this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
1	it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
1	the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
1	flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
1	the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
1	she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
1	it's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
1	tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
1	a very funny movie .
1	heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter naess' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
1	as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
1	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
1	this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
1	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
1	it's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . it's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
1	sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
1	lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
1	. . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject   taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
1	by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
1	' . . . despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
1	an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
1	lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
1	the film oozes craft .
1	a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody .
1	it never fails to engage us .
1	highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
1	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit .
1	a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
1	kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
1	the setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of " intacto's " dangerous and seductively stylish game .
1	the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script's bad ideas and awkwardness .
1	eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents .
1	my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple .
1	it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
1	not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
1	an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . .
1	for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
1	noyce's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
1	the film is full of charm .
1	if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite .
1	an asian neo-realist treasure .
1	highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
1	may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
1	morton is , as usual , brilliant .
1	it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
1	insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
1	if you're a fan of the series you'll love it and probably want to see it twice . i will be .
1	the film's real appeal won't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
1	wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
1	" antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
1	no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes .
1	quite funny for the type of movie it is . . .
1	exciting and well-paced .
1	a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
1	fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
1	gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script .
1	if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
1	obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor .
1	taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
1	hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
1	it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
1	though the story . . . is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
1	as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
1	. . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .
1	a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
1	[taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
1	it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
1	an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
1	os problemas tem inicio a partir do momento em que saimos do cinema e comecamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver . e entao que sinais realmente desaponta .
1	a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
1	that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
1	the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
1	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
1	evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
1	munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected .
1	finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
1	macdowell . . . gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she's ever done .
1	graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
1	the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
1	if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy .
1	" birthday girl " is an actor's movie first and foremost .
1	both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
1	perhaps the best sports movie i've ever seen .
1	[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
1	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
1	skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
1	so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up .
1	what makes the movie work   to an admittedly limited extent   is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers . weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
1	weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
1	despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! "
1	a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
1	watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
1	it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
1	it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
1	lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
1	a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
1	a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
1	mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
1	predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
1	beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
1	[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
1	red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin .
1	filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesn't always jell with sean penn's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
1	the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek .
1	really quite funny .
1	day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs .
1	a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
1	if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
1	works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
1	like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
1	if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that .
1	it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match .
1	nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
1	what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
1	the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
1	una pelicula oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora .
1	if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
1	[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
1	if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
1	the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
1	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
1	in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
1	dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
1	it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
1	murder by numbers' isn't a great movie , but it's a perfectly acceptable widget .
1	a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
1	martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
1	chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
1	it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel .
1	leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
1	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
1	even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying .
1	a true-blue delight .
1	takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
1	splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
1	the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " .
1	campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .
1	a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
1	often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
1	this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .
1	beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
1	you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .
1	the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert .
1	its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
1	exhilarating but blatantly biased .
1	generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .
1	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
1	a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
1	scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
1	a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
1	the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
1	for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
1	i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it .
1	to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
1	a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
1	it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
1	the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
1	it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
1	a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
1	the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
1	salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
1	the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
1	spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .
1	bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
1	if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
1	insightfully written , delicately performed
1	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh .
1	despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
1	fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
1	majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
1	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere .
1	a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
1	a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
1	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
1	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
1	" white oleander , " the movie , is akin to a reader's digest condensed version of the source material .
1	you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings .
1	go see it and enjoy .
1	farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel .
1	a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
1	time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
1	bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
1	it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense .
1	it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
1	though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
1	cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . .
1	. . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
1	'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
1	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
1	has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a " 2 " at the end of its title .
1	( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
1	the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
1	the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time .
1	enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
1	[a] satisfying niblet .
1	. . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
1	baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
1	worth the effort to watch .
1	as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
1	the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .
1	simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
1	smart and taut .
1	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
1	feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life .
1	the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
1	a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish cliches and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
1	it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
1	an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
1	'aunque recurre a ciertos cliches del genero , la poderosa actuacion de robin williams perdona las fallas del guion . '
1	almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called 'the gift of tears . '
1	it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' .
1	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life .
1	at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . .
1	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
1	a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
1	the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
1	exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
1	an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
1	writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal .
1	surprisingly powerful and universal .
1	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
1	it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
1	a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
1	run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
1	notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
1	the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
1	the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
1	antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
1	it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
1	'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladron de orquideas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
1	byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
1	broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
1	well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
1	jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
1	its sheer dynamism is infectious .
1	it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .
1	the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
1	uplifting , funny and wise .
1	filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
1	a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
1	it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . .
1	qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
1	there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . .
1	amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
1	the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
1	this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
1	the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
1	this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
1	a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
1	some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
1	broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
1	does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
1	a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
1	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
1	matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
1	i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
1	funny and touching .
1	a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
1	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece .
1	the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
1	leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
1	a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
1	plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
1	an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences   the chateau is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
1	an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
1	though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .
1	an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
1	if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe .
1	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .
1	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is
1	there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
1	if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .
1	daring and beautifully made .
1	a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
1	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .
1	beautifully produced .
1	. it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . .
1	this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
1	painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
1	. . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
1	even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
1	a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
1	as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
1	spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods .
1	the film delivers not just the full assault of reno's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
1	my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
1	satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
1	with 'bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
1	it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
1	mas sarcastica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos .
1	few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
1	passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .
1	adam sandler ! in an art film !
1	a portrait of an artist .
1	a smart , compelling drama .
1	it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
1	the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
1	there is greatness here .
1	a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
1	for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
1	what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
1	the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
1	refreshing .
1	provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
1	secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
1	sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
1	ratliff's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
1	the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
1	a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
1	i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
1	his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
1	it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
1	it will break your heart many times over .
1	it is quite a vision .
1	a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
1	whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
1	it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
1	a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
1	stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
1	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
1	unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
1	the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
1	bourne , jason bourne . he can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he'll get the girl . he's super spy !
1	the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
1	the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .
1	the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
1	remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
1	karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
1	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
1	cool ? this movie is a snow emergency .
1	as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
1	the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun .
1	rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding .
1	if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth .
1	a slick , engrossing melodrama .
1	daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
1	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans .
1	smarter than its commercials make it seem .
1	this story still seems timely and important . and there's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene's story ends .
1	unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .
1	for the most part , it's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
1	while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor .
1	whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something .
1	goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
1	it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
1	the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
1	director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
1	hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
1	it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
1	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
1	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
1	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
1	[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
1	some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
1	for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
1	reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
1	a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
1	without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen .
1	an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
1	a cartoon that's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
1	sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
1	although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
1	broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
1	often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself .
1	smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
1	almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like " the addams family " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek wedding " comes from the heart . . .
1	a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
1	. . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
1	ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
1	impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
1	it is scott's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
1	a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
1	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
1	kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
1	it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
1	there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
1	it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
1	it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
1	one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
1	an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
1	a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
1	if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years .
1	there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable .
1	jackson is always watchable .
1	it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
1	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
1	the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
1	although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
1	executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
1	feral and uncomfortable .
1	a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists .
1	those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
1	you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason .
1	a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
1	provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already .
1	this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .
1	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both .
1	even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
1	. . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
1	blanchett's performance confirms her power once again .
1	it's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
1	what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman's tragic odyssey .
1	it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
1	an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
1	a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
1	it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
1	both damning and damned compelling .
1	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
1	handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
1	griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
1	an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
1	if you want to see a train wreck that you can't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
1	an epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
1	the movie is ingenious fun . see it .
1	there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
1	a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is .
1	though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
1	despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
1	awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
1	a tasty masala .
1	a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . .
1	allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duracion
1	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next .
1	contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
1	the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
1	astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
1	a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
1	the film's performances are thrilling .
1	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
1	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again .
1	the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
1	filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
1	it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
1	based on dave barry's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters' moves and overlapping story .
1	it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
1	a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch .
1	fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
1	in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better .
1	a wonderful character-based comedy .
1	a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
1	. . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
1	quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .
1	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
1	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
1	a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
1	engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
1	scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
1	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
1	ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
1	the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
1	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
1	. . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .
1	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
1	for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie .
1	one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece .
1	in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the cliches disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
1	what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
1	it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
1	this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
1	thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
1	it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn .
1	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
1	light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
1	the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
1	an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
1	[a] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
1	while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
1	allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
1	a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
1	for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
1	short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
1	the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .
1	a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
1	it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
1	a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
1	full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
1	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream .
1	" the best disney movie since the lion king "
1	as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
1	tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard .
1	norton holds the film together .
1	with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
1	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
1	for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !
1	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them .
1	it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting .
1	'frailty " starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .
1	a lovely film for the holiday season .
1	[reaches] wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
1	an imaginative comedy/thriller .
1	a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . .
1	returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age .
1	it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
1	while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .
1	far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
1	moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
1	a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
1	one of [herzog's] least inspired works .
1	the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
1	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family .
1	young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
1	tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
1	( a ) hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning . . . ( but ) lohman's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer . . .
1	guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
1	baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
1	smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
1	mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . it does give you a peek . the main problem being that it's only a peek .
1	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
1	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
1	the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
1	the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
1	one of the smartest takes on singles culture i've seen in a long time .
1	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
1	. . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
1	a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
1	reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
1	the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
1	despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
1	it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look .
1	a smart , witty follow-up .
1	able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
1	oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation .
1	offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
1	watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
1	rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . .
1	that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
1	" mostly martha " is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
1	with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .
1	shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
1	will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
1	it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything .
1	like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight .
1	a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
1	a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
1	morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
1	impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
1	it's not life-affirming   its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
1	this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
1	foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
1	a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
1	it's never dull and always looks good .
1	even if you don't know the band or the album's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
1	as unseemly as its title suggests .
1	'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
1	adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
1	allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
1	tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
1	zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
1	this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
1	. . . a solid , unassuming drama .
1	the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
1	the film grows on you . and how .
1	though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
1	it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift .
1	in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
1	i just loved every minute of this film .
1	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
1	cho's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience . her delivery and timing are flawless .
1	[lawrence bounces] all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
1	steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
1	the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
1	enticing and often funny documentary .
1	the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any " jackass " fan could want .
1	for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it's an eye-opener .
1	creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .
1	a delightful coming-of-age story .
1	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
1	good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .
1	a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear .
1	the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .
1	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
1	demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
1	an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
1	an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to diesel's xxx flex-a-thon .
1	using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
1	in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level .
1	nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
1	chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '
1	this beautifully animated epic is never dull .
1	the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking because you get it .
1	a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
1	two hours fly by -- opera's a pleasure when you don't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
1	slight but enjoyable documentary .
1	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
1	if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
1	" home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
1	this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .
1	a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
1	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
1	rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
1	garcia bernal and talancon are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out .
1	it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true .
1	although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
1	the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based .
1	hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
1	the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
1	it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .
1	it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
1	a creaky staircase gothic .
1	shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
1	sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
1	happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
1	the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken .
1	judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
1	the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
1	brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .
1	boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
1	nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
1	it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
1	there's an energy to y tu mama tambien . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
1	it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
1	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave .
1	the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
1	this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
1	so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
1	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .
1	parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
1	while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
1	the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
1	sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
1	the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .
1	there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
1	peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
1	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
1	as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and lucia] makes for an arousing good time .
1	in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
1	payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business .
1	the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . .
1	a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
1	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
1	leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
1	by and large this is mr . kilmer's movie , and it's his strongest performance since the doors .
1	both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
1	while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
1	like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
1	it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .
1	displaying about equal amounts of naivete , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
1	sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers .
1	it's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
1	goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
1	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
1	[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way .
1	not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
1	the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release .
1	the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
1	it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough .
1	i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
1	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
1	an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that's what makes it worth a recommendation .
1	nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
1	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
1	a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
1	works because reno doesn't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
1	a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
1	a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know .
1	its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway .
1	a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
1	brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
1	both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
1	it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .
1	the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
1	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) .
1	gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
1	it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' .
1	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them .
1	neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
1	i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint .
1	now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
1	a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
1	it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
1	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
1	waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
1	one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
1	terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
1	katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
1	whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
1	seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
1	although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
1	some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
1	broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
1	there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
1	it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
1	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
1	bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough .
1	a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
1	a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
1	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
1	a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
1	at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
1	a captivating new film .
1	i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
1	i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
1	" . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "
1	merci pour le movie .
1	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
1	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .
1	despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .
1	the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . it has fun being grown up .
1	the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
1	. . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint .
1	probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
1	an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
1	has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
1	it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that [jaglom] pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .
1	the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
1	films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
1	the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
1	the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic .
1	there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
1	as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
1	a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
1	there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
1	it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film .
1	the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
1	moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe .
1	there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
1	don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some .
1	this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
1	a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
1	what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
1	while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire .
1	holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .
1	it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
1	the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
1	the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges .
1	manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
1	for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
1	walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
1	impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was .
1	. . . an interesting slice of history .
1	the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
1	. . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
1	a movie with a real anarchic flair .
1	it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
1	a stylish thriller .
1	if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
1	the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
1	has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
1	they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment .
1	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
1	. . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
1	if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
1	an ambitious movie that , like shiner's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that don't come off .
1	it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .
1	defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats .
1	leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
1	the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
1	harmless fun .
1	a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
1	although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale .
1	long after you leave justine , you'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .
1	precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . anyone else seen this before ?
1	the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal .
1	the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
1	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
1	it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
1	after making several adaptations of other writers' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
1	an impressive hybrid .
1	. . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
1	australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
1	a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
1	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure .
1	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
1	a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
1	( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk .
1	director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
1	ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
1	hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue .
1	like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly " unfilmable " novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
1	a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail .
1	a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
1	when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
1	fulford-wierzbicki . . . deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
1	about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
1	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
1	binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
1	a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
1	as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games .
1	a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
1	the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
1	one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
1	two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity .
1	" austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
1	a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
1	visually captivating .
1	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
1	a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
1	uneven but a lot of fun .
1	a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
1	feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
1	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary .
1	worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
1	majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
1	dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
1	both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
1	a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .
1	a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .
1	a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
1	a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing .
1	for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out .
1	godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
1	[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
1	vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
1	a taut , intelligent psychological drama .
1	like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
1	the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary .
1	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
1	it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
1	it will grip even viewers who aren't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .
1	a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one's actions .
1	the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
1	stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
1	the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there .
1	you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works .
1	it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
1	sweet and memorable film .
1	exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven   [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
1	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
1	one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
1	a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
1	funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
1	much of the movie's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
1	a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
1	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema .
1	one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
1	the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
1	a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
1	strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
1	building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
1	it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
1	massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .
1	literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
1	it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
1	enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
1	even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
1	the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
1	look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
1	much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .
1	more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
1	' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
1	a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
1	japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
1	bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake .
1	we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
1	the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
1	time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
1	a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
1	hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project .
1	while i can't say it's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
1	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
1	the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .
1	apuestas fuertes para el futuro del director , y apuestas bien fundadas , pues la suerte ya la tiene , y la cinta lo comprueba . . . .
1	oddly compelling .
1	rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
1	sparse but oddly compelling .
1	if you don't flee , you might be seduced . if you don't laugh , flee .
1	like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit .
1	shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
1	travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
1	the performances are uniformly good .
1	eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
1	it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
1	haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
1	with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
1	parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into bunuel's casings
1	from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
1	" brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
1	there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys .
1	what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
1	the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
1	high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it can't help but engage an audience .
1	. . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion .
1	ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar .
1	. . . if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
1	a very charming and funny movie .
1	beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it's a lyrical endeavour .
1	the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
1	any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
1	it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
1	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
1	you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
1	makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
1	we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
1	these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
1	it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
1	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
1	birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
1	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
1	an absurdist spider web .
1	hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story .
1	if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad .
1	that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
1	belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .
1	the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .
1	it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie .
1	the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath . . .
1	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
1	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
1	about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
1	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
1	a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .
1	ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
1	with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
1	for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
1	for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
1	the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .
1	the delicious trimmings  arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
1	both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
1	[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work .
1	what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
1	the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
1	at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
1	a solidly entertaining little film .
1	all in all , a great party .
1	the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering .
1	the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
1	for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .
1	the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
1	while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
1	a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
1	'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '
1	the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
1	though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
1	a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
1	culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
1	there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
1	this is a superior horror flick .
1	as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
1	pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
1	boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
1	this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
1	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary .
1	sly , sophisticated and surprising .
1	celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat .
1	it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
1	one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .
1	it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
1	hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
1	it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
1	unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
1	highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
1	[anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
1	" extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
1	the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
1	'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia filmica imposible de olvidar'
1	the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
1	the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
1	a chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign's end , an extended publicity department .
1	while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
1	sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
1	nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
1	smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
1	this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
1	it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun .
1	the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished .
1	behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
1	the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
1	a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
1	sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
1	really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
1	witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
1	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
1	. . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age .
1	the movie plays up the cartoon's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
1	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .
1	the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on buttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
1	wise and deadpan humorous .
1	[westbrook] makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
1	shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
1	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
1	the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny .
1	even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
1	a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
1	somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp .
1	a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a 'bad' police shooting .
1	[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
1	mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
1	a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
1	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
1	the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
1	the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
1	just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
1	robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
1	the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
1	between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
1	a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
1	brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness .
1	it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
1	this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
1	assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
1	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
1	offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
1	two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
1	like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
1	the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
1	swimming is above all about a young woman's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
1	[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
1	a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
1	not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog .
1	if you're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x .
1	if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .
1	not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
1	vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
1	directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
1	[gulpilil] is a commanding screen presence , and his character's abundant humanism makes him the film's moral compass .
1	first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
1	pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
1	i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
1	full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000
1	with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
1	you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
1	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
1	. . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
1	an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
1	though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
1	a glorious mess .
1	it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
1	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
1	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun .
1	. . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
1	fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
1	with elements cribbed from lang's metropolis , welles' kane , and eisenstein's potemkin , the true wonder of rintaro's metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
1	the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
1	hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions .
1	what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
1	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
1	there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible .
1	a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
1	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
1	nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
1	like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
1	this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
1	looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon .
1	there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances .
1	what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
1	francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them .
1	a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
1	pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
1	it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
1	like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
1	the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
1	sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year .
1	a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
1	the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
1	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
1	writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
1	everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
1	would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .
1	like these russo guys lookin' for their mamet instead found their sturges .
1	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
1	e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
1	this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
1	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
1	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time .
1	bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
1	i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
1	combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
1	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere .
1	a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
1	an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
1	thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .
1	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play .
1	familiar but utterly delightful .
1	terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
1	like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .
1	a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
1	a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
1	an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality .
1	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
1	while the stoically delivered hokum of hart's war is never fun , it's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
1	. . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
1	what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
1	while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that " gangs " is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
1	this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there .
1	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
1	the performances take the movie to a higher level .
1	the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
1	captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . "
1	it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
1	you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here .
1	the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
1	whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen .
1	whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
1	a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history .
1	. . . it's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
1	a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
1	if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy !
1	an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
1	fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
1	in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
1	tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
1	certainly the performances are worthwhile .
1	it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
1	[an] absorbing documentary .
1	rifkin's references are . . . impeccable throughout .
1	examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .
1	jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
1	michael gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
1	where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of america's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
1	still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
1	complex , affecting and uniquely almodovar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
1	by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
1	it's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . but on the whole , you're gonna like this movie .
1	by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so .
1	it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?
1	a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
1	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
1	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
1	at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
1	a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son's home after decades away .
1	very well-written and very well-acted .
1	often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
1	a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
1	it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
1	passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
1	rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
1	a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .
1	nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
1	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
1	very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
1	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
1	it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
1	this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
1	it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
1	take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year .
1	'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
1	daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
1	far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning .
1	a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
1	while undisputed isn't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr . hill higher than he's been in a while .
1	some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
1	[d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . .
1	munch's genuine insight makes the film's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
1	veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .
1	delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
1	the film has several strong performances .
1	schutte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
1	an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
1	the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
1	it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
1	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
1	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
1	this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
1	if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
1	this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
1	richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .
1	. . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
1	it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
1	. . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
1	even better than the first one !
1	graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
1	polished korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epics . is this progress ?
1	miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
1	contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
1	the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but    in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has   ironically - distanced us from the characters .
1	close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
1	the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
1	like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
1	this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
1	the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
1	a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
1	on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .
1	this version moves beyond the original's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
1	it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
1	starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look .
1	you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
1	this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
1	without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
1	a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
1	with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
1	director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
1	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .
1	what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
1	as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records .
1	nair's cast is so large it's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
1	secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
1	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
1	a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow .
1	. . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
1	a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
1	it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
1	the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
1	a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
1	an escapist confection that's pure entertainment .
1	all three women deliver remarkable performances .
1	i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .
1	a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out .
1	for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
1	smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
1	it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
1	i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage .
1	a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
1	we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
1	a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
1	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to .
1	this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . .
1	director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
1	the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works .
1	there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
1	about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
1	a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
1	the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
1	it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .
1	don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . .
1	it's not just a feel-good movie , it's a feel movie . you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
1	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off .
1	ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
1	a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want .
1	fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
1	the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .
1	director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .
1	the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
1	if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
1	aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
1	funny but perilously slight .
1	the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
1	reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .
1	a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
1	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
1	singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs   a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story   but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
1	all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .
1	as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
1	as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
1	this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
1	this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
1	wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
1	fantastic !
1	the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
1	maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again .
1	a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
1	apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter .
1	victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
1	'what's the russian word for wow ! ? '
1	there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist .
1	writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
1	family fare .
1	'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias romanticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
1	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
1	there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over .
1	though it's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans' saga of hollywood excess .
1	just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
1	sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
1	[fessenden] is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
1	. . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
1	if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
1	as a film director , labute continues to improve .
1	yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better .
1	an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
1	although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
1	cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
1	the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
1	it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia .
1	while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
1	a three-hour cinema master class .
1	branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
1	if you've the patience , there are great rewards here .
1	there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
1	a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
1	dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . .
1	the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
1	though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
1	even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
1	like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
1	it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
1	a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
1	do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ?
1	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
1	bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
1	some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .
1	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
1	an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
1	great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood .
1	a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
1	about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
1	bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
1	a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
1	brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition .
1	stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
1	more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . .
1	the leanest and meanest of solondz's misanthropic comedies .
1	it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
1	you live the mood rather than savour the story .
1	for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
1	nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years .
1	fun and nimble .
1	the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis .
1	although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
1	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
1	a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
1	if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness .
1	whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
1	even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
1	the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
1	a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
1	despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
1	it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style .
1	i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
1	every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .
1	there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
1	holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
1	instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
1	a weird and wonderful comedy .
1	an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
1	about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
1	tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
1	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
1	what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
1	the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
1	washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration .
1	though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
1	steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
1	a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
1	the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year .
1	a small movie with a big impact .
1	begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
1	. . . always remains movingly genuine .
1	. . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
1	never [sinks] into exploitation .
1	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
1	as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
1	" simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
1	remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster . . . done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .
1	a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .
1	may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours .
1	a movie of riveting power and sadness .
1	remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
1	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
1	it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
1	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
1	the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
1	the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday .
1	who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
1	while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
1	britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
1	a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work .
1	my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
1	that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
1	a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . .
1	think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
1	hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
1	as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
1	never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
1	if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .
1	those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
1	a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
1	mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
1	ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . .
1	miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
1	never once predictable .
1	the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
1	[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true .
1	light , cute and forgettable .
1	one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
1	irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
1	a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
1	occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
1	decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
1	it's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .
1	the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
1	the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
1	as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not .
1	with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
1	. . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
1	medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
1	you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
1	a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
1	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career .
1	like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
1	beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
1	the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .
1	though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
1	schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
1	michael moore's latest documentary about america's thirst for violence is his best film yet . . .
1	she may not be real , but the laughs are .
1	further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil .
1	disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
1	an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
1	the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
1	with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
1	a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ?
1	immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
1	good , solid storytelling .
1	humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
1	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
1	steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
1	the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
1	. . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
1	a tour de force of modern cinema .
1	a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way .
1	funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
1	a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
1	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
1	as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
1	gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , [harris] brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
1	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
1	despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
1	you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
1	es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprendera .
1	this is one of the year's best films .
1	it's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
1	a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
1	together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
1	the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
1	succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
1	huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
1	if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
1	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
1	both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece .
1	a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
1	apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
1	there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
1	this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
1	the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities .
1	hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
1	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
1	it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .
1	although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film doesn't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
1	this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
1	like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
1	a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage " be careful what you wish for " is given a full workout .
1	the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view .
1	it's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .
1	an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
1	those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
1	special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
1	it's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director's previous full frontal .
1	the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
1	there's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
1	the closest thing to the experience of space travel
1	what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail .
1	fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing .
1	peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
1	this isn't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
1	playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant .
1	the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
1	. . . the plot weaves us into a complex web .
1	exciting documentary .
1	it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
1	generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
1	an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who's being conned right up to the finale .
1	it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
1	a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master's steady stroke .
1	some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
1	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
1	despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
1	'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
1	this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help .
1	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
1	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
1	the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
1	moonlight mile doesn't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
1	nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy .
1	an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
1	a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
1	grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
1	open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
1	labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone .
1	clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
1	its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
1	a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
1	the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .
1	an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
1	the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
1	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
1	it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
1	the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .
1	greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
1	alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
1	drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
1	slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .
1	this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
1	on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
1	post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended .
1	a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
1	there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
1	the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
1	" auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
1	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
1	denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere .
1	can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
1	what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
1	another one of those estrogen overdose movies like " divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , " except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .
1	this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
1	purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro .
1	as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
1	overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
1	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter .
1	it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
1	it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
1	photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
1	combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
1	norton is magnetic as graham .
1	unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
1	although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
1	what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
1	it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
1	an enjoyable experience .
1	although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- " cherish " certainly isn't dull .
1	isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries .
1	the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .
1	a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
1	a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
1	there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
1	the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
1	os universos de chuck barris e charlie kaufman sao complementares . e igualmente fascinantes .
1	fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
1	occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective .
1	the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
1	grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
1	what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
1	pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism .
1	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
1	stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film .
1	the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
1	the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
1	andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance .
1	it's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it doesn't take itself so deadly seriously .
1	about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
1	the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
1	a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
1	the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot .
1	famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliche-riddled genre can offer .
1	anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white .
1	take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
1	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
1	a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .
1	to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
1	it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny .
1	there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
1	this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary .
1	a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together .
1	trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
1	presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
1	" what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
1	twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career .
1	flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps .
1	in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
1	much monkeyfun for all .
1	it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
1	it's a charming and often affecting journey .
1	cho's timing is priceless .
1	the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed .
1	a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
1	the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
1	campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
1	. . . a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
1	clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable . . .
1	you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt .
1	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty .
1	it's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
1	a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
1	the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
1	the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
1	somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
1	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
1	whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on " the other " and " the self , " derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
1	. . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
1	as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
1	while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort .
1	in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
1	a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
1	not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
1	the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel .
1	a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
1	the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
1	tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood .
1	enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
1	director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
1	the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain .
1	plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
1	just what makes us happy , anyway ?
1	i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone .
1	the gorgeously elaborate continuation of " the lord of the rings " trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson's expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth .
1	try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
1	tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
1	i loved the look of this film .
1	a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
1	a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley .
1	beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images .
1	based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
1	the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
1	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress .
1	credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
1	an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
1	bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
1	a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
1	newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .
1	exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
1	the movie's seams may show . . . but pellington gives " mothman " an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
1	a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity .
1	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
1	if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
1	kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
1	it's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
1	'the film is stark , straightforward and deadly . . . an unnatural calm that's occasionally shaken by . . . blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
1	" the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
1	an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
1	it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
1	star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
1	despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
1	other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf .
1	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
1	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
1	as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
1	if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary .
1	if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film .
1	[a] strong piece of work .
1	'interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clasico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador . '
1	what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .
1	quietly engaging .
1	a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
1	a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
1	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
1	behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
1	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
1	the story and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that won't go away .
1	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
1	simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
1	all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
1	the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
1	the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
1	ozpetek's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
1	in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
1	frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen .
1	ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate .
1	although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
1	" spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . if you're a comic fan , you can't miss it . if you're not , you'll still have a good time . "
1	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
1	what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
1	a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
1	a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .
1	possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm .
1	the dramatic crisis doesn't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
1	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
1	a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays .
1	faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , " a walk to remember " succeeds through sincerity .
1	a clever blend of fact and fiction .
1	a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
1	drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
1	the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles .
1	an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
1	deflated ending aside , there's much to recommend the film .
1	bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
1	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
1	. . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
1	jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) .
1	lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
1	the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
1	. . . a roller-coaster ride of a movie
1	a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
1	you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
1	the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
1	just how these families interact may surprise you .
1	austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
1	the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
1	from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right .
1	charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
1	a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
1	fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
1	the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
1	spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
1	disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both .
1	this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
1	this is art paying homage to art .
1	it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
1	it's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .
1	the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
1	not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
1	thoroughly enjoyable .
1	until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
1	on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
1	allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
1	giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
1	neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
1	a french film with a more down-home flavor .
1	like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated .
1	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
1	this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
1	cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .
1	it's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
1	drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
1	the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
1	maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
1	thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
1	an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
1	with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
1	illuminating if overly talky documentary .
1	a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
1	sleek and arty .
1	it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
1	it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
1	the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
1	para hitler , o mundo era sua tela ; e o horror , seu pincel . e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatacao da realidade historica .
1	a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
1	despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of " lilo " could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
1	best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
1	a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
1	two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
1	a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many cliches and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
1	the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .
1	pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years .
1	ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
1	you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
1	critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
1	it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied .
1	this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
1	lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
1	it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
1	a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her .
1	in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
1	like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn .
1	as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
1	fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .
1	takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
1	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
1	a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
1	gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
1	it is a likable story , told with competence .
1	interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses .
1	. . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .
1	. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .
1	twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
1	every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary .
1	the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
1	don't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
1	how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
1	whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
1	a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
1	a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
1	like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
1	viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
1	ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
1	the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
1	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
1	the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
1	the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
1	secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
1	the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
1	nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
1	with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
1	while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current .
1	terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
1	director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
1	[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .
1	a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
1	by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
1	the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
1	steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
1	. . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
1	a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
1	light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors .
1	the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
1	admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
1	zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
1	more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
1	the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
1	captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
1	neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
1	ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
1	there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
1	few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
1	this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review .
1	it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years .
1	runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance .
1	successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
1	the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
1	feels untidily honest .
1	filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi .
1	intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
1	a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
1	. . . one of the more influential works of the 'korean new wave' .
1	this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
1	it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
1	a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic .
1	like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting .
1	mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
1	often hilarious .
1	schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor .
1	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
1	i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close .
1	although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
1	the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
1	a worthwhile way to spend two hours .
1	although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
1	enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
1	it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .
1	like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
1	its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
1	an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
1	the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
1	. . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . .
1	hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
1	a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
1	at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
1	liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .
1	saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
1	the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
1	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .
1	the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
1	it's jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
1	true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
1	just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
1	it's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
1	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .
1	a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
1	a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
1	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
1	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
1	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
1	it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
1	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .
1	compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
1	an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
1	what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
1	underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
1	i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry !
1	the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
1	michel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being .
1	if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt .
1	romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
1	tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
1	some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
1	the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
1	ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
1	as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
1	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
1	the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
1	everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
1	turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
1	. . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
1	pretty good little movie .
1	it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
1	a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
1	god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
1	a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
1	star wars is back in a major way .
1	with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , helene angel is definitely a director to watch .
1	beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
1	you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is .
1	if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
1	it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . .
1	a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .
1	it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .
1	like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
1	an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivete and sophistication .
1	this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story's a little weak .
1	one of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
1	superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
1	meant for star wars fans . it is there to give them a good time .
1	it's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
1	without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed .
1	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
1	tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
1	though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
1	" frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
1	between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
1	a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
1	elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
1	in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
1	fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
1	does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
1	a taut , sobering film .
1	a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
1	straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
1	a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
1	. . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters .
1	informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
1	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
1	one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
1	takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
1	it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
1	though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
1	auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
1	starts slowly , but adrien brody   in the title role   helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
1	good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
1	elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
1	a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
1	together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
1	pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous .
1	the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
1	though writer/director bart freundlich's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup's anchoring performance .
1	a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
1	a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last .
1	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .
1	those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel .
1	ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
1	it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
1	as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
1	watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
1	as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights .
1	a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
1	this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
1	psychologically savvy .
1	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
1	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
1	a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
1	the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
1	as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
1	a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
1	. . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
1	the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
1	for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped .
1	williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
1	a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
1	working from elliott's memoir , rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character- and- relationship study he's favored for decades .
1	ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory .
1	exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
1	romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
1	maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .
1	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .
1	it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
1	streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
1	director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
1	as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
1	the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) .
1	a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
1	its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
1	the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
1	while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
1	here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck .
1	a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
1	inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
1	a stirring road movie .
1	with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
1	grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
1	has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
1	half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
1	soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
1	passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
1	[an] hilarious romantic comedy .
1	a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
1	a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair .
1	third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby !
1	for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
1	holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
1	often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
1	the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
1	this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come .
1	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing .
1	an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved .
1	exhilarating , funny and fun .
1	we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
1	it's a very valuable film . . .
1	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
1	the pianist is polanski's best film .
1	it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
1	sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too .
1	real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers .
1	haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
1	pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
1	caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
1	viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
1	tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down .
1	most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
1	oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
1	although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
1	the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
1	bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
1	a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
1	a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
1	a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given .
1	a remarkable film by bernard rose .
1	like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
1	it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .
1	brave and sweetly rendered love story .
1	a vivid cinematic portrait .
1	a film that will enthrall the whole family .
1	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you .
1	berling and beart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
1	it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
1	what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
1	the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
1	polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
1	the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
1	there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief .
1	candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
1	darkly funny and frequently insightful .
1	spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
1	a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
1	ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
1	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
1	insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more .
1	beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
1	lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
1	like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
1	the best film of the year 2002 .
1	it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
1	it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .
1	scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
1	in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough .
1	a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
1	spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
1	a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
1	khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
1	it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
1	only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins .
1	not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
1	a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed .
1	the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
1	a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan jose campanella's reputation in the united states .
1	will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
1	with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry .
1	this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane .
1	like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
1	the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
1	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
1	montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
1	it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile .
1	the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process .
1	" nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
1	elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
1	eerily accurate depiction of depression .
1	unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
1	this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
1	alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
1	a chick flick for guys .
1	the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals .
1	visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
1	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
1	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
1	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
1	'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '
1	becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
1	a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
1	lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
1	mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
1	it's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
1	poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
1	the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
1	may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
1	this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
1	hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .
1	the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .
1	writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
1	if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
1	it's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
1	leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
1	much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
1	i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
1	the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
1	steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
1	real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
1	this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher .
1	director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
1	" the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble .
1	by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
1	brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
1	. . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
1	a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
1	it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
1	like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
1	highly engaging .
1	what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
1	the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb .
1	one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken .
1	so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise .
1	while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
1	funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
1	on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .
1	even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
1	an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
1	a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television .
1	the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
1	this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
1	mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
1	to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr . freud .
1	this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
1	this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
1	a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
1	it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
1	vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
1	this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
1	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
1	an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
1	the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
1	it may not be history but then again , what if it is ? but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while .
1	if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
1	the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
1	last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
1	but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . .
1	director paul cox's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
1	art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
1	. . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
1	it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over .
1	a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
1	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third  emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better .
1	implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
1	. . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
1	the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
1	a marvel of production design .
1	exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
1	all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
1	bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
1	despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
1	secretary is just too original to be ignored .
1	the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
1	. . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
1	an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
1	wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
1	a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
1	like leon , it's frustrating and still oddly likable .
1	occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodovar style .
1	none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere .
1	it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career .
1	energetic and boldly provocative .
1	never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
1	ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
1	sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man's ruin may be another's fortune .
1	kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
1	works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
1	seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
1	chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
1	moving and vibrant .
1	a warm , funny , engaging film .
1	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama .
1	about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
1	jiri hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
1	it's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i'd say the film works .
1	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
1	the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
1	a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
1	a loving little film of considerable appeal .
1	a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
1	japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
1	a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
1	it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
1	filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
1	makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands .
1	a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
1	<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
1	it's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
1	it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
1	digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
1	this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
1	nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year .
1	it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
1	disturbing and brilliant documentary .
1	' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
1	halloween : resurrection isn't exactly quality cinema , but it isn't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
1	by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
1	the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further .
1	[woo's] most resonant film since the killer .
1	brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
1	by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
